hey real quick guys this is mark from a
limited cash road want to take a few
seconds to talk to you guys about the
actual MCA benefits my benefit package
came in the mail a couple days ago that
the MCA benefits card it actually has a
car that go in my wallet and a keychain
that I could give to my life or or could
give to my sign or i could give you know
see anybody else who wants to have the
benefits with them comes with the
prescription dental and vision card you
can get some great discounts on your
your your prescriptions that you need
when you go to the doctor um also comes
to these nice shiny chrome decals you
can place detailing your window place on
the back of your car or you know
wherever you want to go um the main
thing is this is a real this is a real
service provider this is enough service
that you might not use isn't some lotion
and potion that uh no you buy you pay 30
bucks a month and you never ever use
when you have a closet full of products
that you won't ever use to stay in it to
stay in the business people really need
to have their batteries jumped they need
the tires change and need to be told up
to a hundred miles um you know you're
going to get traffic tickets you get
free traffic ticket defense by a real
lawyer when you join MCA again these are
actual benefits that people really use
every single day so why not get paid for
using a service that you're going to
need anyway makes perfect sense again
it's real business get a real card it
has my name on the back I'm just going
to go on my wallet my wife's going to
get the keychain card so if you have any
questions feel free to give me a call
713 364 58 60 or go to my website WWE 80
h ome com see it right there in the
corner of the screen right here all
right you have a good one thanks